feat: add integrated client-side search using Fuse.js (#729)
halogenica/beautifulhugo: exampleSite/content/page/configuration.md

When `gcse` is set, a search icon appears in the navbar that opens a search modal.

### Search Outputs

The integrated client-side search requires JSON output to function. Ensure your `hugo.toml` includes the following `outputs` configuration:

```toml
[outputs]
  home = ["HTML", "RSS", "JSON"]
  section = ["HTML", "RSS", "JSON"]
  page = ["HTML"]
```

### Search Provider

Enable the built-in search UI by configuring a provider:

| Param | Type | Default | Description |
|-------|------|---------|-------------|
| `[Params.search] provider` | string | `"fuse"` | Search provider to use. Set to `"none"` to disable the built-in search UI. |

```toml
[Params.search]
  provider = "fuse"
```

> Search copy now comes from the theme's i18n files by default. To localize or customize labels, override the relevant translation keys in your site, such as `searchPlaceholder`, `searchResultsLabel`, `searchNoResultsText`, `searchPrevText`, and `searchNextText`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search labels come from the theme's i18n files. To localize or customize labels, override the relevant translation keys in your site, such as `searchPlaceholder`, `searchResultsLabel`, `searchNoResultsText`, `searchPrevText`, and `searchNextText`.
```
